Add synchronization primitives (#7)
elixir-nx/fine: README.md

Note that if you use a particular union frequently, it may be convenient
to define a type alias with `using`/`typedef` to keep signatures brief.

## Synchronization

Erlang is a multi-process environment where each process is guaranteed to be
isolated from other processes.  When dealing with NIFs, the same C++ function
can be called from multiple Erlang processes simultaneously, leading to race
conditions. While C++ provides synchronization mechanisms, these are unknown to
Erlang and cannot take advantage of tools like *lock checker* or *lcnt*.

Fine provides analogues to `std::mutex` and `std::shared_mutex`, respectively

> called `fine::Mutex` and `fine::RwLock`:
> 
> ```c++
> #include <fine/mutex.hpp>
> #include <fine/rwlock.hpp>
> 
> fine::Mutex mutex;
> 
> mutex.lock();
> mutex.unlock();
> bool locked = mutex.try_lock();
> 
> {
>   auto lock = std::unique_lock(mutex);
> }
> 
> fine::RwLock rwlock;
> 
> rwlock.lock();
> rwlock.unlock();
> bool locked = rwlock.try_lock();
> 
> rwlock.lock_shared();
> rwlock.unlock_shared();
> bool locked = rwlock.try_lock_shared();
> 
> {
>   auto lock = std::shared_lock(rwlock);
> }
> 
> {
>   auto lock = std::unique_lock(rwlock);
> }
> ```

Reviewer: Since they are analogous to the standard ones, I would simplify the example:

````suggestion
called `fine::Mutex` and `fine::RwLock`. Those are compatible with the standard
mutex wrappers, such as `std::unique_lock` and `std::shared_lock`. For example:

```c++
#include <fine/sync.hpp>

fine::Mutex mutex;

{
  auto lock = std::unique_lock(mutex);
  ...
}
```
````
